On swapping frames page, added link to Blog w article describing fram… (#759)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: neon/data-collection/scene-camera-exposure/index.md

`Shadows` - optimizes the exposure to capture darker areas in the environment, while potentially overexposing brighter areas.
![This mode optimizes the exposure to capture darker areas in the environment, while potentially overexposing bright areas.](Shadow.webp)

::: tip

> If your set-up requires a specialized camera to handle challenging light conditions, this [alpha-lab article](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/alpha-lab/egocentric-video-mapper/) shows you how you can add a third-party egocentric camera.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your setup requires a specialized camera to handle challenging lighting conditions, this [Alpha Lab article](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/alpha-lab/egocentric-video-mapper/) shows you how you can add a third-party egocentric camera.
```

> If your set-up requires a specialized camera to handle very challenging light conditions, this [alpha-lab article](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/alpha-lab/egocentric-video-mapper/) shows you how you can add a third-party egocentric camera.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your set-up requires a specialized camera to handle challenging light conditions, this [alpha-lab article](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/alpha-lab/egocentric-video-mapper/) shows you how you can add a third-party egocentric camera.
```
